Add support for TDX specific configuration (#35)
confidential-containers/trustee-operator: README.md

  KbsAuthSecretName string `json:"kbsAuthSecretName,omitempty"`

  // KbsServiceType is the type of service to create for KBS
  // Default value is ClusterIP
  // +optional
  KbsServiceType corev1.ServiceType `json:"kbsServiceType,omitempty"`

  // KbsDeploymentType is the type of KBS deployment

>   // It can assume one of the fREADME.mdollowing values:

Reviewer: typo ?

  // +kubebuilder:validation:Enum=AllInOneDeployment;MicroservicesDeployment
  // Default value is AllInOneDeployment
  // +optional
  KbsDeploymentType DeploymentType `json:"kbsDeploymentType,omitempty"`

  // KbsHttpsKeySecretName is the name of the secret that contains the KBS https private key
  KbsHttpsKeySecretName string `json:"kbsHttpsKeySecretName,omitempty"`

  // KbsHttpsCertSecretName is the name of the secret that contains the KBS https certificate
  KbsHttpsCertSecretName string `json:"kbsHttpsCertSecretName,omitempty"`

  // KbsSecretResources is an array of secret names that contain the keys required by clients
  // +optional
  KbsSecretResources []string `json:"kbsSecretResources,omitempty"`

  // kbsResourcePolicyConfigMapName is the name of the configmap that contains the Resource Policy
  // +optional
  KbsResourcePolicyConfigMapName string `json:"kbsResourcePolicyConfigMapName,omitempty"`

  // tdxConfigSpec is the struct that hosts the TDX specific configuration
  // +optional
  TdxConfigSpec TdxConfigSpec `json:"tdxConfigSpec,omitempty"`
}

// TdxConfigSpec defines the desired state for TDX configuration
type TdxConfigSpec struct {

>   // kbsTdxConfigMapName is the name of the configmap that mounts the sgx_default_qcnl.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kbsTdxConfigMapName is the name of the configmap containing sgx_default_qcnl.conf file
```
